README.md, before:

Hackaholics UI – 100 Days Challenge

A daily frontend challenge to build modern, clean UI components using only HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
All components follow a consistent color theme:
--background-color: #f5e8fa
--accent-color: #c071c5
--shadow: #cec4d3
🚀 Live Demo

Click below to view the project:

👉 https://kennykentola.github.io/ui-hack-100daychalenge/

📅 Progress
Day 1 – Minimal Login Page

Centered login form

Email + password

Modern input styling

Responsive layout

Day 2 – Signup Page + Validation

Username, email, password, confirm password

Live validation

Check/warning icons

Clean UI with theme colors

Day 3 – Modern Navigation Bar

Responsive navbar

CSS hamburger menu

Highlighted Call-to-Action button

Mobile dropdown

Day 4 – Hero Section

Full-width hero

Illustration + text

Smooth animations (slide, floating image)

Mobile-friendly

Day 5 – Pricing Cards UI

3-column pricing layout

Recommended plan highlighted

Smooth hover effects

Consistent color theme

Day 6 – Simple Dashboard Overview

Dashboard layout with responsive structure

Sidebar navigation with active states

Top header bar containing search + profile section

4 statistic cards (Users, Revenue, Sales, Messages)

Hover animation + subtle shadow lift

Clean grid layout using CSS Grid + Flexbox

Fully responsive for mobile and tablet

Matches the global purple theme (#f5e8fa, #c071c5)

Day 7 – Portfolio Intro Section

A clean and modern portfolio introduction section featuring:

Profile image on the left

Developer name & title

Short bio inside a beautiful card box

“Hire Me” call-to-action button

Light/Dark mode toggle

Responsive layout (image on top in mobile view)

Day 8: Modern Landing Page Hero + Navbar
Day 8 – Modern Landing Page Hero + Navbar
📌 Features Completed

Fully responsive navbar with desktop + mobile layout

Mobile hamburger toggle with animated X

Sticky navbar that transitions through 3 scroll levels

Gradient hero section with headline, subtext and CTA

Floating CSS animated illustration

Scroll reveal animations

Clean color system using CSS variables

Mobile optimization + spacing fixes
Color Palette
Name	Hex
Primary	#2563EB
Secondary	#1E293B
Accent	#F59E0B
Text	#111827
Background	#F9FAFB
Day 9 – Blog Card Grid

A modern, responsive blog preview grid built with CSS Grid.
Includes 3-card layout on desktop and stacked layout on mobile.

Features

✔ Responsive 3-column blog grid

✔ Thumbnail, title, excerpt, author & date

✔ Hover animation + smooth transitions

✔ Category tags (UI/UX, JavaScript/React, Python)

✔ Dark mode toggle

✔ Fade-in animations on scroll

✔ Pagination component

✔ Mobile hamburger menu

Color Palette
Role	Color
Primary	#2C3E50
Accent	#E67E22
Text	#34495E
Background	#F9FAFB
Skill Focus

📦 Installation & Setup
1. Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/kennykentola/ui-hack-100daychalenge.git

2. Navigate into the folder
cd ui-hack-100daychalenge

3. Open any UI in your browser
start hero.html

📁 File Structure
ui-hack-100daychalenge/
│
├── hero.html
├── hero.css
│
├── pricing.html
├── pricing.css
│
├── navbar.html
├── navbar.css
│
├── index.html
├── signup.html
│
├── portfolio.html
├── portfolio.css
│
│
├── landing8.html
├── landing8.css
├── landing8.js
│
├── style.css
│
├── dashboard.html
├── dashboard.css
└── README.md

🛠 Technologies Used

HTML5

CSS3

JavaScript

Google Fonts (Inter)

🌟 Goal of the Challenge

Build 100 modern UI components to improve frontend design and development skills.
Each day includes:

A small design task

A full implementation

Responsive + theme consistency

📬 Contact

Developer: Ademola Peter Kehinde (kennykentola)
GitHub: https://github.com/kennykentola

Commit message:

Update index.html README with Day 10 pricing page link and improvements

README.md, after:

Hackaholics UI – 100 Days Challenge

A daily frontend challenge to build modern, clean UI components using only HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
All components follow a consistent color theme:
--background-color: #f5e8fa
--accent-color: #c071c5
--shadow: #cec4d3
🚀 Live Demo

Click below to view the project:

👉 https://kennykentola.github.io/ui-hack-100daychalenge/

📅 Progress
Day 1 – Minimal Login Page

Centered login form

Email + password

Modern input styling

Responsive layout

Day 2 – Signup Page + Validation

Username, email, password, confirm password

Live validation

Check/warning icons

Clean UI with theme colors

Day 3 – Modern Navigation Bar

Responsive navbar

CSS hamburger menu

Highlighted Call-to-Action button

Mobile dropdown

Day 4 – Hero Section

Full-width hero

Illustration + text

Smooth animations (slide, floating image)

Mobile-friendly

Day 5 – Pricing Cards UI

3-column pricing layout

Recommended plan highlighted

Smooth hover effects

Consistent color theme

Day 6 – Simple Dashboard Overview

Dashboard layout with responsive structure

Sidebar navigation with active states

Top header bar containing search + profile section

4 statistic cards (Users, Revenue, Sales, Messages)

Hover animation + subtle shadow lift

Clean grid layout using CSS Grid + Flexbox

Fully responsive for mobile and tablet

Matches the global purple theme (#f5e8fa, #c071c5)

Day 7 – Portfolio Intro Section

A clean and modern portfolio introduction section featuring:

Profile image on the left

Developer name & title

Short bio inside a beautiful card box

“Hire Me” call-to-action button

Light/Dark mode toggle

Responsive layout (image on top in mobile view)

Day 8: Modern Landing Page Hero + Navbar
Day 8 – Modern Landing Page Hero + Navbar
📌 Features Completed

Fully responsive navbar with desktop + mobile layout

Mobile hamburger toggle with animated X

Sticky navbar that transitions through 3 scroll levels

Gradient hero section with headline, subtext and CTA

Floating CSS animated illustration

Scroll reveal animations

Clean color system using CSS variables

Mobile optimization + spacing fixes
Color Palette
Name	Hex
Primary	#2563EB
Secondary	#1E293B
Accent	#F59E0B
Text	#111827
Background	#F9FAFB
Day 9 – Blog Card Grid

A modern, responsive blog preview grid built with CSS Grid.
Includes 3-card layout on desktop and stacked layout on mobile.

Features

✔ Responsive 3-column blog grid

✔ Thumbnail, title, excerpt, author & date

✔ Hover animation + smooth transitions

✔ Category tags (UI/UX, JavaScript/React, Python)

✔ Dark mode toggle

✔ Fade-in animations on scroll

✔ Pagination component

✔ Mobile hamburger menu

Color Palette
Role	Color
Primary	#2C3E50
Accent	#E67E22
Text	#34495E
Background	#F9FAFB
Skill Focus

Day 10 – Interactive Pricing Page
📝 Project Description

Day 10 features a fully interactive 3-tier pricing page built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
The pricing cards switch between Monthly and Yearly using a toggle, and the middle “Pro” plan is highlighted as the recommended option.

The layout includes soft animations, hover effects, and responsive behavior to provide a smooth and modern UI experience.

📦 Installation & Setup
1. Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/kennykentola/ui-hack-100daychalenge.git

2. Navigate into the folder
cd ui-hack-100daychalenge

3. Open any UI in your browser
start hero.html

📁 File Structure
ui-hack-100daychalenge/
│
├── hero.html
├── hero.css
│
├── pricing.html
├── pricing.css
│
├── navbar.html
├── navbar.css
│
├── index.html
├── signup.html
│
├── portfolio.html
├── portfolio.css
│
│
├── landing8.html
├── landing8.css
├── landing8.js
│
├── style.css
│
├── dashboard.html
├── dashboard.css
└── README.md

🛠 Technologies Used

HTML5

CSS3

JavaScript

Google Fonts (Inter)

🌟 Goal of the Challenge

Build 100 modern UI components to improve frontend design and development skills.
Each day includes:

A small design task

A full implementation

Responsive + theme consistency

📬 Contact

Developer: Ademola Peter Kehinde (kennykentola)
GitHub: https://github.com/kennykentola
